Fix Docker and upgrade Node (#415)
conda-incubator/conda-store-ui: README.md

## Development 👩🏻‍💻

> Please refer to the Conda Store docs: [Local development setup for conda-store-ui codebase](https://conda.store/community/contribute/contribute/local-setup-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the `conda-store` docs: [Local development setup for conda-store-ui codebase](https://conda.store/community/contribute/contribute/local-setup-ui).
```

## Development 👩🏻‍💻

> Please refer to the `conda-store` docs: [Local development setup for conda-store-ui codebase](https://conda.store/community/contribute/contribute/local-setup-ui).

Author: ```suggestion
Please refer to the `conda-store` docs: [Contribute code - conda-store-ui](https://conda.store/community/contribute/contribute-code#conda-store-ui).
```

Steps to install and set up:

```
conda env create -f environment_dev.yml
conda activate cs-ui-dev-env
playwright install chromium
cp .env.example .env
corepack enable
yarn install --immutable
yarn build
```

Line by line, here's what the commands above do:

> 

Reviewer: Is there a reason why splitting commands then explanations?

Author: I believe you can copy and paste the commands all at once
